INTMDB-420 cloud backup (#127)
mongodb/mongodbatlas-cloudformation-resources: cfn-resources/cloud-backup-snapshot/README.md

> # MongoDB::Atlas::BackupSnapshot

Reviewer: Update name to "MongoDB::Atlas::CloudBackupSnapshot" here and throughout the resource

Author: This issue is fixed

## Description

> Returns, adds,  and removes cloud backup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns, takes, edits, and removes Cloud Backup snapshots
```
please follow Open API doc definitions https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/#tag/Cloud-Backups

Author: This issue is fixed

This resource allows you to take one on-demand snapshot, get one or all cloud backup and delete one cloud provider snapshot.

## Attributes & Parameters

Please consult the [Resource Docs](docs/README.md)

## Unit Testing Locally

The local tests are integrated with the AWS `sam local` and `cfn invoke` tooling features:

```
sam local start-lambda --skip-pull-image
```
then in another shell:
```bash
repo_root=$(git rev-parse --show-toplevel)
source <(${repo_root}/quickstart-mongodb-atlas/scripts/export-mongocli-config.py)
cd ${repo_root}/cfn-resources/cloud-backup-snapshot
./test/cloud-backup-snapshot.create-sample-cfn-request.sh YourProjectID ClusterName > test.request.json 
echo "Sample request:"
cat test.request.json
cfn invoke CREATE test.request.json 
cfn invoke DELETE test.request.json 
```

Both CREATE & DELETE tests must pass.

## Installation
TAGS=logging make
cfn submit --verbose --set-default

## Cloudformation Examples

> Please use the [CFN Template](test/cloud-backup.sample-template.yaml)

Reviewer: This link does not work, please double check 

```suggestion
Please see the [CFN Template](test/cloud-backup.sample-template.yaml)  for example resource
```

## Integration Testing w/ AWS

> The [/quickstart-mongodb-atlas/scripts/launch-x-quickstart.sh](launch-x-quickstart.sh) script

Reviewer: Link does not work, double check
